Fail to deliver idea 

Step 1 - get the data

Comparisons - 

Compare FTD to  Price movement of stock
		Daily volume 
		Daily/overall float data 
		

Compare FTD data of 
		Meme stocks (GME, AMC, etc)
		Volatile stocks (TSLA, Oil Stocks, Airlines, Shopify, QSR)
		Regular Stocks (AAPL, MSFT, JPMorgan, etc) 


Hypothesises 
On days with more volatility (ie difference between daily high and low) there will be more Fails to Deliver 
On days with more volume - there will be more FTDs. Less volume? Less FTDs.
Expecting stocks like TSLA to have more relationship or FTD stats  


normalizing - pandas normalization 
scaling - min/max scaler 
multiple y axis 


What is an FTD?
Objective Slide - correlate FTD quanity with volume closing price and daily changes 
			find out if there's any actual correlation between any of them
Inital Data Anaylsis 
		Comparing "meme" stocks to less volatile, and volatile, stocks 
		
Data Gathering - SEC Website, IEX API, Yahoo Finance API 
Data Cleanup/Exploration - 
	learn how to parse SEC data files and clean them 
	included sorting by CUSIP as opposed to Symbol 

	merge IEX data and SEC data 

	figured out how to sort the SEC data files to only pull the FTD data we wanted 
	


	after doing initial data analysis (correlation on the 12 picked stock tickers) no data was standing out
	sorted data and looked at the 12 stock tickers different ways for something that stuck out 
	GME, AMC, and SPCE stuck out as the only stocks that posted more than 1% FTDs of the float of each stock 
	So, how to find more stocks that posted high amounts of fails? Since randomly picking stocks and searching 
	was unlikely to find outliers by searching by Ticker...
	Needed to figure out how to search and sort by result instead of by ticker and THEN sorting. 
	First, needed a list of tickers on the market. How do you find a list of ALL tickers on the market? 
	Turns out, already had one - the SEC data files. The data files contained ALL symbols on the market 
	that even posted any FTDs, and had their CUSIP numbers attached to the symbol. 
	So - sort the SEC file list and pull all Symbols and CUSIP numbers. Clear duplicates and drop any null rows. 
	Now there is a list of 12,000+ stock symbols and their CUSIP numbers that all will have some FTD to them
	
	Use list as reference to "parse" the market and pull all relevant data needed to sort. 
	What was I looking for? Any stocks that posted relevant quantities of FTDs, relative to their float, in the past
	year of trading 
	Decide any stock that has 1% or more of their float fail to deliver, is a relevant stat point
	Find out IEX stopped posting float data in their data files in Dec2020, and 





	

	
		





